I'm here to abdicate as the Alpha of the Bloody Moon.
From this point forward,
Alec Hall will be your new Alpha.
Alec, where are you stepping down my father?
We from Howard family reject Alec Hall being the Alpha.
You are no place to object. Your daughter's collusion with Jake is treacherous and treasonous.
I shall pass investigative duties to Alec, and he shall decide what to do when those responsible are apprehended.
Alec, do you accept this quest, just my Alpha?
Then it is done.
Make me or make them fear.
I've seen you Alpha of the Bloody Moon.
I now announce Jacob Hall,
and bestly Howard has drugs to be punished.
Anyone who objects will be treated as a traitor and captured upon death.
Any questions?